Recently, blessed Father Musk, sunk a bungload of money into something called Neuralink,
which is a technology designed to allow interaction between computers and your think pudding.
If the optimists are right you could eventually throw Alexa out the window, and just think at your house instead,
have brain-to-brain communication, also known as telepathy,
you could probably even bang the lawnmower man in convincing VR.
But, it does get one thinking, doesn't it?
We're excited about Stage One. Right?
So controlling stuff with your brain.  Which we can do a bit already.
Some subjects have been able to move robot arms with their thoughts, and drag cursors around and stuff.
It would be cool to have a consumer version of that.  Fine.
BUT.
If this technology improves, then there's Stage Two.
Which is 'exportation of abstract thought.'
Or just 'thinking' at a computer monitor, and your homework being spat out by magic.
Or recording dreams, or feelings, or the smell of your mum's special kangaroo lasagna, or whatever.
ð˜žð˜©ð˜ªð˜¤ð˜© ð˜¢ð˜­ð˜´ð˜° ð˜¥ð˜°ð˜¦ð˜´ ð˜¨ð˜¦ð˜µ ð˜°ð˜¯ð˜¦ ð˜µð˜©ð˜ªð˜¯ð˜¬ð˜ªð˜¯ð˜¨, ð˜¥ð˜°ð˜¦ð˜´ð˜¯'ð˜µ ð˜ªð˜µ?
Because at Stage Three, you could take further - if this stuff works.
With some kind of advanced brain cap, distance wouldn't matter anymore.
If you really wanted to, you could presumably start storing memories, maybe in someone else's head,
or sharing memories - if we knew how memories work - or dreaming with someone else,
or combining your senses with another person's, or having constant mental conversations with other humans.
You could have two minds joined across thousands of miles.  Continuous sharing of subjective experience, or:
*FUSION HUMANS*
You could create a blend of humans where the mental boundary is so blurry they're basically the same human.
They share common memories, common thoughts in real time, a common self.
Two brains, one identity.
ð™’ð™ð™žð™˜ð™ ð˜¿ð™Šð™€ð™Ž ð™œð™šð™© ð™¤ð™£ð™š ð™©ð™ð™žð™£ð™ ð™žð™£ð™œ, ð™™ð™¤ð™šð™¨ð™£'ð™© ð™žð™©?
At Stage Four, if this stuff works, well, surely mad humans will just opt to give up their sense of subjective identity, to become part of the whole.
To just stay constantly connected to a network of brains in real time.
Which seems a little bit like the beginning of a new species, doesn't it?
Together, they'd be more intelligent, more perceptive, able to pool their resources, just all around superior to us single-brained plebs.
Personally I can't think of any examples in science fiction where this has gone wrong. Ever!
So, it's probably fine.
The point is, maybe we're watching the beginning of a full-on existential shift,
in how humans live, and think, and what it even means, fundamentally, to be one.
Even weirder, computers will be serving as translators in this scenario,
making my thoughts, even digestable for your brain in the first place, and vice versa.
And we'd have to place a lot of trust in machines, and presumably A.I at that point, so that it doesn't just become a 'Chinese Whisper' situation.
Little scary.
ð™’ð™ƒð™„ð˜¾ð™ƒ ð˜¿ð™Šð™€ð™Ž ð™‚ð™€ð™ ð™Šð™‰ð™€ ð™ð™ƒð™„ð™‰ð™†ð™„ð™‰ð™‚, ð˜¿ð™Šð™€ð™Žð™‰'ð™ ð™„ð™,
about using this technology, not just to communicate with other humans,
not just to flush the loo with your mind,
but to merge with technology itself.
Yes, come on, take a little sip of the Transhuman Kool-Aid, just for funsies.
In Stage Five, if this stuff works, at this point the gap between human and machine is very, very vague, indeed.
And what you may have built isn't just a mental internet,
or compelling VR,
or even an Alexa replacement,
but a planetary superorganism, composed of humans, and electronics.
An internet made of meat, and silicon.  It's happened before on the planet, already.
Cells used evolution to unify into organs, notably brains,
well, humans might in this case, be single-cells right now.
Just waiting to amass into a unified superorganism using future interface technology.
Might be amazing, might not work at all,
might be a disaster of tremendous proportions heralding the anti-climactic disappearance of our species.
But don't worry!
Luckily technology has never brought any downsides with it, ever.
And we never misuse our discoveries.
We definitely aren't living in the most unpredictable, and insane period in human history yet,
and mental interface technology definitely won't make it weirder!
So let's just dive in, shall we?
Anything is possible,
Everything might kill us,
Love and kisses xxx
_Resistance is futile_